# Matlab-based lager-scale stable circuit GUI design
  This project has launched since our school published a curriculum design about larger-scale stable circuit a year ago.At that time, I just thought that once I meet the requirment of the task, I will stop typing the code. However, with the help of some dissertations in this field, It just took me two days to finish this mission. So, after I accomplish my programm using the platform of matlab, I thought maybe I can do something really different. And when that inspiring idea came to my mind, I know exactly that I won't iet it go until this idea has been implemented. As you can see now, the idea came to me at that time is a GUI for users to interact with the computer. Maybe you will say that's nothing, but for a student who come not from the computer science, everthing shows in this field is new and interesting. I being excited and a little  nervous, this project has showed in my daily agenda.

  It's a year since I finished typing the last character of my programm. Till now, I have already forgotten how the syntax runs in the GUI model of matlab and how the workflow goes to calculate the circuit's current or voltage and the node's current or voltage or someting like that, but I find that it is really some kind of fun to make some 'fancy trick' in the 'normal' task.
  
  By the way, the codes here are not very efficient and concise, after all, I am not professional. Fortunately, it will always gives you a correct answers when you send you requirment whatever how big the matrix is.
  P.S. The format of this programm's input matrix may be a little bit complex, if you wanna a good answer, see readme.txt in the attachment and you will know how to use the GUI correctly.
